Adjust documentation after orchestration changes (#272)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/08-06-orchestration-status.md

type: Tutorials
---

> This tutorial shows how to check the orchestration status for the cluster and Kyma orchestrations. Using this API you can fetch data about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to check the orchestration status. Using this API you can fetch data about:
```

- A single orchestration
- All orchestrations
- Upgrade operations scheduled by a given orchestration

> - A single operation with details like parameters send to the Provisioner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A single operation with details, such as parameters sent to Runtime Provisioner
```

> ## Fetch a single orchestration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fetch a single orchestration status
```

type: Tutorials
---

> This tutorial shows how to check the orchestration status. Using this API you can fetch data about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial shows how to check the orchestration status. Using this API, you can fetch data about:
```

2. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker with a proper **Authorization** [request header](#details-authorization) to verify that the orchestration succeeded.

   ```bash
   curl --request GET "https://$BROKER_URL/orchestrations/$ORCHESTRATION_ID --header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER""
   ```

A successful call returns the orchestration object:

   ```json
{
    "orchestrationID": "07089b96-8e31-49a4-96d0-f8288253c804",
    "state": "in progress",
    "description": "Scheduled 2 operations",
    "createdAt": "2020-10-12T19:27:22.281515Z",
    "updatedAt": "2020-10-12T19:27:22.281515Z",
    "parameters": {
        "targets": {
            "include": [
                {
                    "target": "all"
                }
            ]
        },
        "strategy": {
            "type": "parallel",
            "schedule": "immediate",
            "parallel": {
                "workers": 1
            }
        },
        "dryRun": true
    }
}
   ```

> ## Fetch all orchestrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fetch all orchestrations status
```

            "schedule": "immediate",
            "parallel": {
                "workers": 1
            }
        },
        "dryRun": true
    }
}
   ```

## Fetch all orchestrations status

Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker with a proper **Authorization** [request header](#details-authorization) to verify that the orchestration succeeded.

   ```bash
   curl --request GET "https://$BROKER_URL/orchestrations --header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER""
   ```

A successful call returns the list of all orchestrations:

   ```json
[
  {
      "orchestrationID": "07089b96-8e31-49a4-96d0-f8288253c804",
      "state": "in progress",
      "description": "Scheduled 2 operations",
      "createdAt": "2020-10-12T19:27:22.281515Z",
      "updatedAt": "2020-10-12T19:27:22.281515Z",
      "parameters": {
          "targets": {
              "include": [
                  {
                      "target": "all"
                  }
              ]
          },
          "strategy": {
              "type": "parallel",
              "schedule": "immediate",
              "parallel": {
                  "workers": 1
              }
          },
          "dryRun": true
      }
  }
]
   ```

> ## List upgrade operations scheduled by orchestration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## List upgrade operations scheduled by an orchestration
```

> A successful call returns a list of all orchestrations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A successful call returns the list of all orchestrations:
```

   ```json
[
  {
      "orchestrationID": "07089b96-8e31-49a4-96d0-f8288253c804",
      "state": "in progress",
      "description": "Scheduled 2 operations",
      "createdAt": "2020-10-12T19:27:22.281515Z",
      "updatedAt": "2020-10-12T19:27:22.281515Z",
      "parameters": {
          "targets": {
              "include": [
                  {
                      "target": "all"
                  }
              ]
          },
          "strategy": {
              "type": "parallel",
              "schedule": "immediate",
              "parallel": {
                  "workers": 1
              }
          },
          "dryRun": true
      }
  }
]
   ```

> ## List the upgrade operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## List upgrade operations
```

Reviewer: Shouldn't this heading match the bullet point from the overview section?

Author: we could go with `List upgrade operations scheduled by orchestration` but imo it's a bit too long like for a heading

1. Export the orchestration ID that you obtained during the upgrade call as an environment variable:

   ```bash
   export ORCHESTRATION_ID={OBTAINED_ORCHESTRATION_ID}
   ```

> 2. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker with a proper **Authorization** [request header](#details-authorization) to verify that the orchestration succeeded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker with a proper **Authorization** [request header](#details-authorization) to fetch the list of the upgrade operations for a given orchestration.
```

   ```bash
   curl --request GET "https://$BROKER_URL/orchestrations/$ORCHESTRATION_ID/operations --header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER""
   ```

> A successful call returns a list of the upgrade operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A successful call returns the list of upgrade operations:
```

            "subAccountID": "39b19a66-2c1a-4fe4-a28e-6e5db434084e",
            "orchestrationID": "17089b96-8e31-49a4-96d0-f8288253c804",
            "servicePlanID": "ca1e5357-707f-4565-bbbd-b3ab732597c6",
            "servicePlanName": "gcp",
            "dryRun": true,
            "shootName": "c-3a3xdaf",
            "maintenanceWindowBegin": "0000-01-01T04:00:00Z",
            "maintenanceWindowEnd": "0000-01-01T08:00:00Z"
        },
        {
            "operationID": "669c1644-44c2-349d-a3c5-8bc63dceff93",
            "runtimeID": "8071f119-29a5-3e81-bae3-04751881f317",
            "globalAccountID": "3e64ebae-68b5-46a0-b1ed-9ccee153a0ae",
            "subAccountID": "A791EFE6-6121-1714-9933-E2D3D8CA2992",
            "orchestrationID": "a7089b96-8e31-49a4-96d0-f8288253c804",
            "servicePlanID": "4deee563-e5ec-4731-b9b1-53b42d855f0c",
            "servicePlanName": "azure",
            "dryRun": true,
            "shootName": "c-5d2xd83",
            "maintenanceWindowBegin": "0000-01-01T22:00:00Z",
            "maintenanceWindowEnd": "0000-01-01T02:00:00Z"
        }
    ],
    "count": 2,
    "totalCount": 2
}
   ```

> ## Fetch the detailed single operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fetch the detailed operation status
```

1. Export the following values as the environment variables:

   ```bash
   export ORCHESTRATION_ID={OBTAINED_ORCHESTRATION_ID}
   export OPERATION_ID={SCHEDULED_OPERATION_ID}
   ```

> 2. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker with a proper **Authorization** [request header](#details-authorization) to verify that the orchestration succeeded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Make a call to the Kyma Environment Broker with a proper **Authorization** [request header](#details-authorization) to fetch the details for given operation.
```

   ```bash
   curl --request GET "https://$BROKER_URL/orchestrations/$ORCHESTRATION_ID/operations/$OPERATION_ID --header "$AUTHORIZATION_HEADER""
   ```

> A successful call returns the upgrade operation object with `kymaConfig` and `clusterConfig` fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A successful call returns the upgrade operation object with the **kymaConfig** and **clusterConfig** fields:
```
